hello everyone welcome to movie geek
today we're going to talking about a
sci-fi horror movie titled 28 weeks
later
watch out for some spoiler ahead
the film begins with alice and her
husband don making food in a dark
cottage the infection of the rage virus
has happened recently and they managed
to escape to the countryside
don and alice are grateful that their
children are on a school trip outside of
britain and are not infected
the cottage is owned by her and her
husband and all the windows have been
boarded up
don and alice prepare a meal for the
elderly couple a woman and jacob
over dinner the other woman wants there
to be a place set for her boyfriend but
jacob tells her that he's been gone for
a while and he's not coming back
suddenly there's a lot of banging on the
front door it's a little boy who hasn't
been infected
after debating don lets him in and
quickly shuts the door
they feed the boy asking where he came
from
he says that he came from a neighboring
town and that his family is chasing him
when the other woman looks outside she
is startled by an infected who breaks
through the boarded up windows and bit
the women's hand
quickly the woman becomes infected and
don beats the woman to death with a
crowbar
several infected people burst through
the cottage while the survivors
frantically try to run away the little
boy runs upstairs and alice runs after
him while jacob and the elderly couple
run to the barn
the old man tries to hold the door shut
but the infected breakthrough and give
him the virus
the old woman is viciously killed by the
infected as jacob makes it outside and
runs away
don runs upstairs and tells alice to
leave the boy who's hiding in the closet
an infected comes between alice and don
alice screams for don to help her but he
cowardly shuts the door and jumps out a
window as dawn runs away he looks back
to see alice pulled away from the window
he runs through a field and is chased by
numerous infected and several infected
lurks on top of a hill and chase after
him as well
don makes it to the dock where jacob is
already untying a boat
don and jacob get in but an infected
knocks jacob out and into the water don
tries to get him into the boat but jacob
is submerged in blood pools around the
boat
jacob is infected and tries to attack
don but he breaks free and cuts jacob
with the engine
don makes it down the river and is full
of remorse for leaving alice titles come
up that outline the timeline from the
outbreak of infection to the quarantine
of britain to the arrival of american
troops to the last of the infected being
killed to the planning of repopulating
and finally 28 weeks later
scarlett an american doctor watches a
single plane land at the airport among
the people that have arrived is tammy
and her little brother andy
scarlet is upset that it will take all
day to process the civilians and no one
told her that they are now bringing in
kids
everyone undergoes several health
inspections and scarlett notices that
andy's eyes are different colors a trait
he inherited from his mother
she also makes a note that andy is the
youngest person in the country
after everyone passes the health
examinations the civilians are taken via
subway to district 1 the designated safe
zone that they will now live in
district 1 has 24-hour power hot and
cold water a supermarket and a pop
the district also has heavy american
personnel stationed everywhere their job
is to protect the people
snipers are placed on all the rooftops
and we are introduced to doyle who
passes the boredom by joking around with
his fellow snipers and his friend flynn
a helicopter pilot the civilians are
strongly advised not to go outside of
the safety zone as the immediate areas
are still not cleared
the subway arrives at the station tammy
and andy are reunited with their father
don
they embrace each other happy that
they're together again
all of this happens as general stone
watches the civilians via camera's place
throughout the city during this time
scarlett tells stone that she's upset
about not being notified of children
coming into the city as they haven't
even prepared for minors yet she's
afraid that the infection could come
back but stone tells her that if it is
they'll execute code red which is the
order to terminate all those infected
the civilians for now will all be living
inside a huge apartment building until
the american troops can deem houses fit
for habitation and assign individual
property to everyone
don is the head janitor of district 1
and so has access to everything
everywhere
he also lives in the penthouse of the
apartment building which makes the kids
happy as the family gets settled in don
tells his kids that the apartment is
temporary until they can get another
home
he tells them that they can't go back to
their original home since it's outside
of the safe zone and he doubts he would
want to go back there anyway
andy asks what happened to their mother
don makes his kids sit down and tells
them what happened at the cottage but he
lies he says that there was nothing he
could do for alice and she was killed by
the infected don becomes tearful when he
thinks about his cowardice and
abandoning his wife later that night
flynn listens to his headphones when
doyle pops out and scares him flynn gets
after him for waking him from dreaming
about his wife and kids before doyle
leaves he gives him another scare and
they laugh
he moves back to his position on the
rooftop and looks into the apartment
complex through the scope on his rifle
he sees a couple arguing don and his
kids playing in the bedroom and a
distressed scarlet sitting by herself
in the middle of the night andy has a
nightmare about alice tearing off her
face to reveal another one he tells
tammy that he's scared he's going to
forget what his mother looks like
tammy assures him that he won't and the
next day they plan to go back to their
home to get photos and personal
belongings
in the morning the kids sneak past
soldiers on a bridge and run around
outside of the safety zone while doyle
spots them they run through the empty
streets of london and stop when they see
scooters in front of a pizza restaurant
tammy goes inside to get the keys and
finds rotting food all over the place
she walks into the kitchen and finds the
corpse of the delivery boy
she takes the keys in his helmet giving
it to andy
they drive through the streets and pass
abandoned cars
they make it to their home and go inside
andy takes a picture of his mother and
kids pack their clothes into bags
when andy goes outside and jumps on a
trampoline he sees someone in the attic
thinking it's tammy he goes upstairs and
finds maggots on plates of rotting food
it's a mess in the attic and he sees
someone cowering in the corner andy is
shocked to find that it's alice who's
alive after all
they embrace each other but alice hugs
too hard and starts to hurt andy tammy
hears his screams and andy breaks free
of his mother the kids run outside to
find soldiers and gas masks waiting for
them while flynn hovers above them the
soldiers find alice and bring her back
with him forcibly washing her body
before strapping her onto a stretcher
scarlett examines her and notices that
alice's left eye has blood in it she
sees that she has a bite mark on her arm
and takes a blood sample
don is called by the soldiers to a room
where his children are being held
he's upset that they went outside of the
safety zone but the kids are angry that
he lied to them about alice don can
hardly believe that she's alive
he leaves and sneaks through the
facility looking for his wife
meanwhile scarlett tells stone that
alice is infected with a rage virus but
she doesn't have the same symptoms as
the other infected
instead of turning violent she's become
a carrier for the virus
she can still infect others through
saliva or blood and stone becomes
convinced to execute her scarlet wants
to do more work on her but stone tells
her that she can continue her work on
alice
don eventually finds alison gains access
to the room she's in
she's still strapped down and he
tearfully apologizes for leaving her
behind
she says that she still loves him and
they kiss
saliva gets into don's mouth and he
starts to violently become infected he
bleeds from his eyes vomits blood
everywhere and bangs on the window don
fully infected turns around and sees
alice strapped down
he beats her with his bare hands and
bites her throat don then gruesomely
shoves his thumbs through her eyes and
smashes her head then killing her he
escapes from the room and goes on a
killing frenzy attacking every soldier
he comes across
stone sees the blood and dead soldiers
he executes code red and has the
facility shut down
doyle and flynn can't believe that the
order was given
the doors to the facility are locked and
the power is shut down switching to the
backup power
stone goes to the command center and
gives orders to his troops the soldier
watching andy and tammy tells them that
everything's all right and leaves the
room to find out what's going on
while in the hallway he's attacked by an
infected the kids are locked in the room
waiting for the soldier to return
the infected soldier bursts into the
room and pounds on the glass separating
them his head is blown off by scarlett
who frees the kids and leads them
through the facility the troops won't
allow anyone to leave the building and
while scarlet tries to convince them to
allow the kids to leave any gets
separated from them being forced into
the basement with all the other
civilians
the soldiers lock the civilians in the
basement chaining the door shut to
protect them from the infected
andy scared and alone sits by himself
near the back of the room
there's another door near him and he
hears loud banging
since the power was shut off the only
light is from people's flashlights and
lighters
don bursts into the basement and andy
sees that he's infected don grabs a
civilian and vomits blood onto him and
the infection quickly spreads throughout
the basement while everyone panics in
the dark and he manages to climb into an
air vent and stays there as he hears
people being killed and infected
the civilians break out of the room and
run up the stairs but are chased after
by the infected they make it outside and
stone orders his men to only aim for the
infected
doyle and the other snipers do their
best and shoot the infected but because
everyone's running it's difficult to see
who's infected and who's not they can
only tell when someone is attacked and
even then it's too late for the victims
realizing this stone orders the soldiers
to kill everyone the snipers and
soldiers proceed to slaughter the
civilians and the infected around them
and he climbs out of the air vent and
ends up right in the middle of the
bloodbath
after shooting innocent people doyle
can't take any more he sees andy through
his scope and shoots an infected in the
chest splattering its blood on andy's
chest andy runs to the supermarket where
several other people are hiding
doyle leaves his position and goes after
the boy and he walks through the
darkened store and is startled by
everyone he encounters
luckily he finds tammy inside with
scarlet and is reunited with them the
survivors can't believe that the
soldiers are killing everybody and doyle
shows up he introduces himself to
scarlet and they both ask each other why
they aren't at their posts
knowing that everyone will be wiped out
due to code red doyle volunteers to lead
the survivors to safety
doyle tells everyone to stick together
and they run throughout the city while
andy gets a glimpse of don following
them
flynn calls doyle and tells him to get
out because in four minutes they're
going to firebomb the city they set up a
rendezvous point and the survivors are
fired upon by a sniper the sniper kills
two or three people and scarlett is shot
in the leg knowing the time limit they
have doyle tells a survivor to run in a
zigzag so that he can kill the sniper
when he gives away his position the
survivor is too afraid to do it and andy
runs out in the open
the sniper tries to shoot him but doyle
shoots the sniper in the head the
remaining survivors run to a tunnel in
the subway and brace themselves
the city is firebombed filling the
streets with explosions and fire
the infected are blown away but don
manages to survive the attack
the explosions destroy the camera set up
around the city
the survivors run out of the subway
station just before it explodes as he
sits down stone sees that the only
camera still working is the one outside
of the command center and he sees
several infected running straight for
them elsewhere the survivors make it
across the bridge and wait an abandoned
carnival
scarlett tells doyle that alice had a
genetic trait that caused her to be
immune to rage and that it's possible
the trait has been passed on to the kids
therefore it's imperative that the kids
survive so that there's a possibility
for a cure
flynn flies to the location and is happy
that doyle is still alive
as the survivors wait for the helicopter
doyle sees several infected lurking on
the horizon
flynn is angry that doyle has people
with him and they argue about taking the
other survivors a man grabs onto the
helicopter trying to climb his way
inside
flynn tries to shake him off as the
infected run towards the survivors
flynn tips the nose down and cuts
through the infected with helicopter
blades cutting them into pieces and
spraying the hanging man with gore the
man eventually loses his grip and falls
doyle and flynn set up another
rendezvous point and flynn flies away
but not before telling doyle to ditch
the survivors
doyle scarlett andy and tammy run away
as the infected are right behind them
doyle shoots them with his rifle but
there are too many
they run into a street but stop when
they see that it's filled with gas
realizing that the soldiers are
resorting to chemical weapons now boyle
gets everybody inside a car
they cover all the vans and cover their
mouths while the infected bang on the
car trying to get in the gas quickly
kills the infected around them and
scarlet tries to start the car
doyle sees soldiers walking towards them
wearing gas masks and setting the
corpses on fire with flamethrowers
scarlett can't start the car and doyle
realizes what he has to do
he tells scarlett that he'll meet them
at the rendezvous point and gives her
his sniper rifle doyle quickly exits and
starts to push the car
the soldiers get closer and closer but
scarlett finally is able to start the
car
doyle however is torched by his fellow
soldiers and is burned alive
tammy and andy watch in horror as doyle
dies behind them
a helicopter shoots at the car as
scarlet drives through the streets which
are increasingly being filled with gas
she winds up driving the car down into
another subway station this time there
are absolutely no lights working there
so scarlett leads the kids through the
station using the night vision on
doyle's sniper rifle the kids are scared
because they can't see anything but she
helps them walk down the escalators and
pass the corpses around them
tammy and andy wind up falling down the
escalator and scarlett frantically
searches for them
she sees a glimpse of someone walking in
the background
she finds tammy but can't find andy
while they search for him don shows up
and beats scarlett to death with the
rifle don chases andy down and bites his
neck tammy picks up the rifle and shoots
down to death
tammy breaks down and cries over the
loss of her family turns out andy's
still alive but he runs off down a
tunnel tammy tells him that they'll
always be together and runs after him
after a while andy collapses on the
tracks
when he gets up tammy realizes that he's
not infected though he has blood in his
eye unbeknownst to her andy is also
immune to rage and has become a carrier
for the virus the kids make it to the
rendezvous point where flynn holds them
at gunpoint after realizing that doyle's
dead he lets the kids fly with him
flynn flies them to safety as they pass
the burning ruins of district 1. 28 days
later in france we see flynn's crashed
helicopter in a field but no bodies are
shown
the film ends with the infected running
towards the eiffel tower the containment
failing and the virus still spreading
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out